My name is Nikita and i'm the listing owner.

Listing url:      https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/802270695727741082?source_impression_id=p3_1754617234_P34c_aFDMWleefN-









About this space
Located 2 minutes from metro 8, you can reach Paris in 10 minutes by metro.

Apartment only dedicated to rental, cleaning is done before every stay.

There is a bedroom (2 beds 90*190 cm), a living room (1 bed 140*190 cm), a fully equipped kitchen and a terrace, ideal for tourists, close friends or a family.

Clean, washed bedding is provided for each person.

Salt, pepper, spices, dishwashing liquid and laundry are included.
The space
This 37 m2 2-room apartment offers:
- a large living room with 1 2-seater sofa bed 140*190 cm
- 1 bedroom with 2 bunk beds 1 place 90*190 cm
- 1 terrace of 12 m2
- 1 fully-equipped kitchen
- 1 fully equipped bathroom with shower cabin
- good heating and hot water
- free parking behind the building

The apartment includes all the modern amenities of the 21st century:
- quality bedding
- high-speed Wi-Fi
- good heating and hot water
- portable air cooler
- microwave
- oven
- washing machine
- refrigerator
- induction plate
- HD TV
- shower cabin
- cutlery and dishes
- coffee machine
- kettle,
- hair dryer,
- elevator
- stroller


It is located:
- 1 minute to the supermarket
- 2 minutes from metro 8 which takes you to Bastille in 25 minutes and the Eiffel Tower in 50 minutes
- 10 minutes from Paris 12 by metro or car
Guest access
The entire property is accessible and reserved for the sole use of the tenants.
Other things to note
The entire accommodation as well as the terrace is non-smoking.

Bedding is provided clean and washed.
Laundry and dishwashing liquid are provided.
Spices, salt, pepper are included.
Registration Details
23.003













What this place offers
Bathroom
	Hair dryer
	Cleaning products
	Hot water
Bedroom and laundry
	Free washer – In unit
	EssentialsTowels, bed sheets, soap, and toilet paper
	Hangers
	Bed linensCotton linens
	Extra pillows and blankets
	Room-darkening shades
	Iron
	Drying rack for clothing
	Clothing storage: walk-in closet
Entertainment
	Ethernet connection
	50 inch HDTV with standard cable
Family
	Board games
	Outdoor playgroundAn outdoor area equipped with play structures for children
Heating and cooling
	Portable air conditioning
	Radiant heating
Home safety
	Smoke alarm
	Fire extinguisher
	First aid kit
Internet and office
	Fast wifi – 464 MbpsVerified by speed test. Stream 4K videos and join video calls on multiple devices.
	Dedicated workspaceIn a room with a door
	Pocket wifi
Kitchen and dining
	KitchenSpace where guests can cook their own meals
	LG refrigerator
	Microwave
	Cooking basicsPots and pans, oil, salt and pepper
	Dishes and silverwareBowls, chopsticks, plates, cups, etc.
	Freezer
	Brandt stainless steel single oven
	Hot water kettle
	Coffee maker: drip coffee maker
	Wine glasses
	Baking sheet
	Blender
	Dining table
Location features
	Laundromat nearby
Outdoor
	Private patio or balcony
	Outdoor furniture
	Outdoor dining area
Parking and facilities
	Free street parking
	ElevatorThe home or building has an elevator that’s at least 52 inches deep and a doorway at least 32 inches wide
	Single level homeNo stairs in home
Services
	Long term stays allowedAllow stay for 28 days or more
	Host greets you
Not included
	Unavailable: Exterior security cameras on propertyExterior security cameras on property
	Unavailable: DryerDryer
	Unavailable: Carbon monoxide alarmCarbon monoxide alarmHost has indicated no carbon monoxide detector is necessary. Reach out to the host with any questions.



















House rules
Guests are expected to follow your rules and may be removed from Airbnb if they don't.
Pets not allowed
You can refuse pets, but must reasonably accommodate service animals.




Events not allowed




Smoking, vaping, e‑cigarettes not allowed




Quiet hours from 11pm to 7am




Maximum number of guests 4

Check-in and checkout times

Check-in between 3:00 PM - 8:00 PM
checkout before 10:00 AM

Additional rules

Il est strictement interdit de fumer/vapoter à l'intérieur(détecteur de fumée) ainsi que sur la terrasse.
Il est demandé aux locataires de faire la vaisselle et de descendre les poubelles avant leur départ.
Les chiens et chats sont strictement interdits, les autres animaux sont bienvenus.
Pas de nuisance sonore entre 23h et 7h du matin. Les fêtes sont strictement interdites.
Chaque clef non rendue sera facturée 150€. La capacité maximale du logement est de 4 personnes.
En cas de dommages, perte ou vol les dédommagements seront évalués et convenus directement avec l'hôte.
Merci de rendre l'appartement dans l'état où vous l'avez trouvé.







Guest safety
The safety details you share will appear on your listing, along with information like your House Rules.
Safety considerations

Not a good fit for infants under 2

Safety devices

Smoke alarm

Property info

No parking on the property







Wifi Password: xxxx






Checkin_ENG:

HELLO,


You come to your Airbnb apartment located at:
              15 cours des Juilliottes,
              94700 Maisons-Alfort


You will easily find your accommodation with Google maps.


If you arrive by the airport, take Uber / Bolt which are cheaper and faster than public transport:
              20€ and 20 minutes from Paris Orly airport (ORY)
              40€ and 50 minutes from Paris Charles de Gaulle airport (CDG)


If you arrive via the station, take the metro and get line 8, it will cost you €2 per person. At the metro 8 station (Maison Alfort les Juilliottes), you must exit the train and go towards the back of the train to exit at exit 1 (sortie 1 Rue Louis Pergaud Center Commercial) then walk 50 meters into the shopping center as indicated on the video until building 15 on your right as shown in the photo.


If you arrive by car, you will find free parking (marked in purple on the attached map) next to building 15.


I just ask you to write me here:

              1) 30 minutes before your arrival
              2) when you are in front of building 15 as shown in the photo


When you are in front of building 15, I will give you 2 keys and show you your accommodation.


To check out, you must leave the 2 keys on the table in the apartment and slam the door before 10:00 a.m.
Before leaving you should wash the dishes and take out the trash in the trash room located on the ground floor as shown in the attached photo. Smoking is strictly prohibited in the apartment or on the terrace.



Please be responsive by Whatsapp/Sms on the day of arrival.
Arrival is normally from 3:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. Can you give me an arrival time?


Your airbnb superhost








Checkout_ENG:

Hello,


For departure tomorrow you must turn off the lights then leave the 2 keys on the table in the apartment and slam the door before 10:00 am in the morning.
Before leaving you should wash the dishes and take out the trash in the trash room located on the ground floor as shown in the attached photo.


Please send me a message on your way out.


You have 2 keys, please leave both inside.
Any forgotten key will be charged €150.


Your airbnb superhost